.TH "hv-kb390l-config" "1" "January 21, 2018" "hv-kb390l-config

1.0" ""
.SH "NAME"
HAVIT KB390L keyboard unofficial configuration utility.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
\fBhv-kb390l-config\fR [\fBoption\fP]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
hv-kb390l-config is an utility program allows you to configure the buttons of your device.
.PP
Homepage: https://github.com/pbludov/hv-kb390l-config/
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB-g\fP, \fB\-\-game\-mode\fP         " 10
Get the game mode.
.IP "\fB-G\fP, \fB\-\-set\-game-mode\fP \fBon|off\fP" 10
Switch the game mode on/off.
.IP "\fB-r\fP, \fB\-\-report\-rate\fP         " 10
Get the report rate (3 => 1000 reports per second, 2 => 500, 1 => 250, 0 => 125).
.IP "\fB-R\fP, \fB\-\-set\-report\-rate\fP \fBRATE\fP" 10
Select the report rate.
.IP "\fB-t\fP, \fB\-\-response\-time\fP         " 10
Get the response time (2..20ms).
.IP "\fB-T\fP, \fB\-\-set\-response\-time\fP \fBMILLISECONDS\fP" 10
Select the response time.
.IP "\fB\fP    \fB\-\-backup\fP \fBFILE\fP" 10
Backup NAND data to a file.
.IP "\fB\fP    \fB\-\-restore\fP \fBFILE\fP" 10
Restore NAND data from a file.
.IP "\fB\fP    \fB\-\-verbose\fP         " 10
Be verbose (print USB traffic).
.IP "\fB\fP    \fB\-\-reset\fP         " 10
Reset the device to firmware settings.
.IP "\fB-v\fP, \fB\-\-version\fP         " 10
Show version information and exit.
.IP "\fB-?\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP         " 10
Show help information and exit.
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was written by Pavel Bludov. Permission is
granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under
the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2.1.

